README.md, before:

# LuaDate v2.1

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Tieske/date.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Tieske/date)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Tieske/date/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Tieske/date?branch=master)

Lua Date and Time module for Lua 5.x.

## Features:

* Date and Time string parsing.
* Time addition and subtraction.
* Time span calculation.
* Support ISO 8601 Dates.
* Local time support.
* Lua module (not binary).
* Formats Date and Time like strftime.

## License

[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Documentation

Documentation is available in the `doc` folder, or [online at Github](http://tieske.github.io/date/).

## Tests

Tests are located in the `spec` directory and can be run using [busted](http://olivinelabs.com/busted/).

## Changes:

- v2.2 add 'centuryflip' to set 2 digit year interpretation [#26](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/26)
- v2.1.3 fix rockspec for Lua 5.4
- v2.1.2 fix scientific notation [#9](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/9), now available for Lua 5.3
- v2.1.1 fix for '>=' operator [#3](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/3), added test suite, added Travis CI, license MIT
- v2.1 Lua 5.2 support. Global 'date' will no longer be set.
- v2.0 original by Jas Latrix

Commit message:

chore(readme) update version number

README.md, after:

# LuaDate v2.2

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Tieske/date.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Tieske/date)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Tieske/date/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Tieske/date?branch=master)

Lua Date and Time module for Lua 5.x.

## Features:

* Date and Time string parsing.
* Time addition and subtraction.
* Time span calculation.
* Support ISO 8601 Dates.
* Local time support.
* Lua module (not binary).
* Formats Date and Time like strftime.

## License

[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Documentation

Documentation is available in the `doc` folder, or [online at Github](http://tieske.github.io/date/).

## Tests

Tests are located in the `spec` directory and can be run using [busted](http://olivinelabs.com/busted/).

## Changelog:

### Releasing:
- search for "copyright" and update all occurences with proper years
- update version in:
  - `README.md` (at the top)
  - `date.lua` (at the top, and exported field `date.version`)
  - `index.html` (appr. line 20)
- update rockspec
- commit as `release x.y.z` (omit trailing 0)
- tag as `version_x.y.z` (omit trailing 0)
- push commit & tags
- upload rock to luarocks

### Changes:

- v2.2 add 'centuryflip' to set 2 digit year interpretation [#26](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/26)
- v2.1.3 fix rockspec for Lua 5.4
- v2.1.2 fix scientific notation [#9](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/9), now available for Lua 5.3
- v2.1.1 fix for '>=' operator [#3](https://github.com/Tieske/date/pull/3), added test suite, added Travis CI, license MIT
- v2.1 Lua 5.2 support. Global 'date' will no longer be set.
- v2.0 original by Jas Latrix
